Added developer desciption for conflict concerns about m_LSLock and m_ConnectionLock (#2859)
Haivision/srt: docs/dev/low-level-info.md

According to the below description, you need to know which objects
exactly are taken into account. The CRcvQueue object is an underlying
object of CMultiplexer, which is shared between sockets, and also it
is definitely shared between the listener socket and the accepted
socket spawn out of it. We have then two scenarios here that seem
to be in conflict:

1. Setting a new listener on the multiplexer by calling `srt_listen()`
or removing the listener from the multiplexer by calling `srt_close()`
on the listener socket. This calls `CUDT::setListenState`, which is done under
a lock for `m_ConnectionLock` of the socket that is being set up as listener.
Then inside the CRcvQueue::setListener it locks `m_LSLock`.

2. Processing the new connection from the incoming connection request
processed in `CUDT::processConnectRequest`. It is called under the lock
of `m_LSLock`. Then inside it calls `CUDT::open` and `CUDT::acceptAndRespond`
that lock `m_ConnectionLock`.

However, the methods that potentially lock `m_ConnectionLock` are
called for the sake of the **newly created socket** that is about to
be reported as the accepted one from `srt_accept()`, **not the listener
socket**.

> Now; a potential situation when these two things could be in collision, as

Reviewer: Is the `;` intended here?

> Now; a potential situation when these two things could be in collision, as

Author: ```suggestion
That said, a potential situation when these two things could be in collision, as
```
